{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz120000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green26\blue30;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c13725\c15686;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13460\viewh11140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Question 1 
\f1\b0 \
\
The avg queueing delay: 3.66 ms\
\
Transmission delay of 600 byte package: .48ms\
\
Propagation delay: 2.0ms\
\

\f0\b Question 2
\f1\b0 \
\
\ul Part A\ulnone \
\
On the command line I ran \'93traceroute cs.utah.edu\'94 on different days and different times. \
\
The \'93Code_TracerouteAnalysis\'94 file contains the code, the \'93Files_TracerouteAnalysis\'94 contains .pdf version of the graph and all trace route output/traceroute analysis .txt files. \
\

\f2\i Note: Incomplete data is skipped in my analysis. 
\f1\i0 \
\
\ul Part B\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone Each of the times in the hop is a RTT (Round Trip Time). Once cause for this would be a queueing delay if there was abnormally high congestion at a hop. One other reason could be a delay in transmission. Transmission delay is the time it takes to convert bytes to medium and is dependent on a device rate. During a RTT, it is likely that one hop could hit a router with a slow rate and/or some kind of dysfunction at the router. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Question 3\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 On the command line I ran \'93ping Amazon.co.uk\'94. The \'93Code_PingAnalysis\'94 file contains the code, the \'93Files_PingAnaylsis\'94 contents the ping output/average queue delay .txt files. \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ul \ulc0 \
\ulnone \
\
}